Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-10-24T11:32:23+01:00

====== Episode - Senji ======
Created Sunday 24 October 2021

DM Rachel

The Gang reunite with Aktra, who is miserably wandering the streets of Waterdep at 4AM in drunken bitterness

Wandering into a grim all night gastropub, proprietor Senji, Ptahquin recognises Senji and a steampunk individual and immediately draws attention. The steampunk individual is revealed as Gruumsh, and their presence in the material plane is the cause of Senji's irritation. The Gang is revealed to be the cause of Gruumsh's ability to manifest, as they have a signet ring liberated from a bank vault.

The ring has a moonstone in it. Senji is comforted as the wards against gruumsh seem only to be temporarily defeated. 

Senji asks why everyone (except Aktra) is dressed fancy. At remembering the reason for this, everyone remembers Guillaume is there. 

Gruumsh is put out by Senji's attention to Aktra, as Killian an Aktra's insight correctly identify

Gruumsh identifies a mysterious significance to Killian, and asks after their identity, receiving a true answer.

The waiter returns with drinks, and Guillaume asks how everyone knows each other. 

Gruumsh reaches a decision to reveal their master plan, out of pique fro being ignored. Reveals that Najaran's will reach High Gate imminently. Senji is presented with the decision to drop a warding wall that keeps Gruumsh out and use the energy for defence, or choose otherwise. Gruumsh's ring then falls apart and they dissipate.

Senji and the Gang travel through Waterdeep as the sunrises to Sheridan's toyshop, to Killian's surprise. Sheridan has been looking after Bosey, Senji's brown cow that has a house inside it. Senji opens up a window (in the cow) and instructs everyone to come in. Guillaume parts from the gang and Sheridan warns Killian about Senji. 

Finding themselves in the cottage, Senji complains of how long they took saying goodbye to Sheridan. Aktra and Killian reprimand Senji for being cold. They leave through Senji's other cow, caramel. 

The gang reunite with Scroofles the Hoog, and go up to the wall to see a massive army that presents an overwhelming threat. Magister Klaw demands surrender. 

Killian demands a meeting, in a manner that Ptawquin approves of on the basis that it sounds desperate enough that everything will be conceded. 

After Killian and Aktra try to hold a dialogue, the Najaran leader refuses to allow any visitors to camp to negotiate surrender. Senji announces that the city will not surrender, then breaks the megaphone to prevent any further statements.

Seeing the various and few allies gathered, Senji (as mother haggle/elder) gives a rousing speech. 

Admitting to bleak pessimism for the fight, Senji tells The Gang to instead go to the Temple of Claws, and gives Ptawquin a mana bomb with instructions to destroy the temple. 

Magister Klaw says 'that was very rude, anyway we're attacking now' 

the gang ask if they can travel on the unicorns back to the temple of claws, who permit this.

Aura shows them the way to a secret exit, but Jacinda says they'll stay in Highgate with Senji. 

Bombs fall

Ptawquin -8 health now 19
Aktra -7 health now 27
Killian -5 health now ?

The gang go down into the secret chamber behind the bar, where the gang previously met the owl.

Travelling to the temple of claws, the Najaran empire is already there. 

Upon approaching the rear entrance, a voice challenges them. It is gravel, who has been installed into the door. The password is aura225, Aura's birthday (22nd of May)

The gang sneak in, as the sentry rabbit in aura's hivemind guarding the temple dies. Proceeding to the main chamber, the ground begins to shake and a bright flash of light erupts. Approaching the room, the gang sees a room full of najaran troops. 

Killian, in gaseous form, spies on the Indiana Jones nazi-esque technologicification of the statue, before retreating and relating this to the gang. 

The gang unhinge the door with Gravel and put it on Ptawquins tenser's floating disc. The gang jump into a portal to the feywild, which aura believes will kill them. 

Tahqin and Killian find the ley line in the feywild (where they are fine). Ptawkwin leads the disc (which everyone is riding) along the ley line. 

As the line erupts, creatures burst out of the forest and look to attack, but are scared off by The Sphinx. The sphinx flies them to the lake where the door to the temple of scales can be reached by door, which they can access. 

Coming out into the temple they find the NPC gang of moosey, Jaudlin, et al Scale god has locked themselves in a panic room and the enemy is at the gates.

A homealone-esque escapade of setting off traps from the air vents is proposed. 

The door breaks in and commander flipnflop is introduced, who is happy with the situation. 

Killian hides the rope traps with silent iage, Ptahkwin yeets the vat of sticky slime at the commander and her retinue, and Aktra attempts to deceive them with a thaumaturgic projection. 

They proceed to the limescale pool and the commander is magehand pushed in, and her guards have their arms coated. 

The machine, when it is wheeled in (a satellite dish looking apparatus) is damaged by shatter, which is then worsened by using command to have a technician 'Sabotage' it. As Ptawqwin and Aktra distract the soldiers, Killian and the NPC gang escape to the sanctum. Ptahquin teleports him and Aktra through the open door, which is slammed and locked behind them. 

Killian interacts with the focus and attempts and fails to grapple with the force. 

The temples is disrupted and everyone escapes to the feywild in the confusion

travelling to the temple of tales, everyone is captured by najarans. Senji's evil plan and mass destruction of ssatisstunn is revealed. 

