Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-08-21T11:46:04+01:00

====== Recap ======
Created Saturday 21 August 2021

Zucchini, the Rat, and Eric. 

First Era

One day, we were in a pub in a town called Daggerford. It was wild, because we were just in there, and then in walked Mother Haggle.

"I need you to come help my Cow!"

We walked over to her house, and she said "Gnomes, they've moved into the area"

She said

"They are to blame for this"

Discovering these gnomes, they were found to have country accents.

Despite this, we recovered the cow.

Then some Kobolds came by to do business. This was thought to be cool. 

Travelling to another village. We approached the officials as is custom, who informed us that pyromancy was emerging, specifically in s single woman.

We beat up the badguy, knocking Jacinda. They were placed upon the Disc and returned to Mother Haggle.

Anyway.

We then went to a cave in the woods, met some Troglodytes. Scared one, "befriended" the other.

Leaving the cave, we found ourselves at a river. 

We went back, and discovered the way to leave.

We returned to Mother Haggle with the McGuffin.

We travelled south, to another village. We approached the officials, as is custom. We purloined the Governors "Magic" pepper mill, and left abruptly, having no knowledge of Sleep.

There was a magical guitar, that befuddled people. This was inconsequential.

Directed thus to the Monastery of The Rose, to meet in conclave as delegates of Mother Haggle. Zucchini was abducted.

At the meeting, we discovered the state of diplomacy on the moor. Anyway, a great bird interceded. A book of significant power was purloined.

The purloined tome was given to Mother Haggle, to Killian's dismay.

A journey to high gate commenced with Reginald, the rat, and a hostage situation with lizard people and the previously encountered farmer is defused.

There is a lot less genocide at this time.

On the way to highgate, we come to a refugee situation. Ptahquin attempts diplomacy, but this is overruled by the chaos of the corn god. 

Lizard people increase, with brownian and non-brownian motion.

Orogoths.

We are admitted to Highgate by the officials, and sign the book, as is custom.

Era 2

A discovery of the conflict of the various groups, and a settlement is reached. Intense and pleasant conversation ensues.

The person we wanted to find was deceased. 

Walking out onto the moor, a gnome is found. Things get weird.

Diadat, Derrida, Deirdre, Daedra, D-dog is a conduit to a "hotel" in their mind. 

We cannot leave but do. Marcus and Merrick are encountered and one of them die. A turtle is melted from within. Orphans are saved (?)from steamlord.

Upon leaving, The Gang are captured by the yellows. Apologia is issued for their behaviour, but Ptahquin argues that you are what you do.

On being escorted to the temple of tales. Hear the tale of Senji, meeting Moosey and Jaudlin and Serpentina, who receives a book of aminals. Aktras dad had been there, died after.

Found Manabomb and the remaining Owlperson, Marcus. Gruumsh is found to be the agent of antagonism at this time, which is used as an excuse to explode the temple with WMDs.

Aktra is possessed, and the rest of the gang escape to the scale temple, where Scalegod is found, as well as the various definitions of "scale" explored. 

 The shitty priests (Skalding and Skalator) were found, and one was fought and killed. Skalding returns to employ of Scalegod. A cool little house for our friends is made of the temple.

A journey to the temple of claws is made, and cool fights in a fight ensue.

Yellows are exterminating aminals and they are in turn wiped out. The depressed beast god, as a rabbit, Aura, is rescued and persuaded to give life another chance (under Highgate).

Hanging out in highgate for a while, the orogoths are found to have left, as have the orangers. On the way to the ruined orogoth city, The Gang are ambushed and chased into a wooded hill, and are rescued from Certain Death by fey, who bring them to Killians patron in the feywild, who gives them advice outside of time. Killian gains the ability to imbue Frug with life as familiar.

At the city of the orogoths, refugees are hiding out in the shadow realm with a shadow sorceror (Krepusc) as their guide. Shadows attack bringing the refugees back to high gate, but are dispatched with light.

At the city, there is a Najaran airship on a diplomatic mission. 

While Jacinda has a lovely conversation with civilised people, Killian and Aktra attempt burglary. 

At a nocturnal meeting, Red and the surviving owl are met, and are instructed to infiltrate Najara.

Era 3

Jacinda, who is ignorant of this purpose, travels with the gang who are captured by a Najaran airship. They are taken to Jacindas "family" in Ssar'tiss'sunn, and go to the down low. 

There is a getaway chase.

Travelling to a citadel, an airship full of manabombs is hijacked, and driven into the palace while the gang slowfall down. 

Clear proof that corruption exists is developed, this is presented but the emperor is absolved by platitude. However, Jacindas faith in authority is devastated. 

Speckleson escapes with us to the radioactive village. Manabombs are being made out of leeched life energy, which is also being used to feed Gravel (who is imitating Senji). 

The situation is agreed to be all chill. They depart with the living statuette which is Gravel, and learn of the history of Senji/Aura/Scalegod. A military coup is reported in Ssar'tiss'sunn.

Lizardio The Magnificent is encountered and collected. Local officials are met and their book is signed. News of the yellows camped nearby is learned and red and d are resolved to be rescued. 

Red is revealed to be Senji & mother haggle after recognition by Gravel.

Era 4

The gang visit a theme park on the way to see the elves. A melted wizard is found and an elemental salamander is helped to kill themselves.

The carnage is left behind to see the elves. The gang board a boat and ptahquin is captured by the templars, who kill everyone else.

In the shadowfell, the goblin merked from the hotel is recovered from death. Lizardio makes bad decisions about who to rob. Life is returned to via the feywild. 

Ptahquin is pursued. A vault of a temple is entered and skeletons and a evil spirit are fought with standin Grogblar. 

Unicorns are found, and a horse with a carrot on its head. The gang pledge to recover an abducted unicorn from Normal Village, who are keen to promote their tourist industry. The village is infiltrated, posing again as health inspector.  

Corruption is discovered in the forest, raids by orcs, strange things on the elven border. 

Jacindas reasoning powers are insufficient to avoid having to kill the Hag.

Leaving, the gang encounter orcs in another vault temple. Gruumsh reconvenes with Aktra, and the gang are dispatched to Waterdeep. 

James James, the head of the bank to rob, is abducted and imitated, having been handed to fish people who are bribed to "keep safe".

The ruse is discovered and they flee to the vaults, encountering a sphinx and The Templars. The sphinx is consoled and they cooperate. A ring is stolen (for Gruumsh and Amelia Snark) 

The matter of missing supplies is pursued and corruption is broken. A party happens.

James James thinks they are a fish, but is happy. 

Era 5
